Docs/build with fluid (#7155)
microsoft/FluidFramework: docs/content/docs/build/dds.md

editor: sambroner
---

> The Fluid Framework provides developers with two types of Fluid objects: *distributed data structures* (DDSes) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fluid Framework provides developers with two types of shared objects: *distributed data structures* (DDSes) and
```

> Data Objects. DDSes are low-level data structures, while Data Object`s are composed of DDSes and other Fluid objects. Data Objects are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Objects. DDSes are low-level data structures, while Data Objects are composed of DDSes and other Fluid objects. Data Objects are
```

used to organize DDSes into semantically meaningful groupings for your scenario, as well as
providing an API surface to your app's data. However, many Fluid applications will use only DDSes.

> There are a number of DDS types built into the Fluid Framework base library and you can create your own by extending base classes.
> 
> {{% callout note "See also" %}}
> 
> [Encapsulating data with DataObject]({{< relref "dataobject-aqueduct.md" >}})
> 
> {{% /callout %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a number of shared objects built into the Fluid Framework. See [Distributed data structures]({{< relref "/docs/data-structures/overview.md" >}}) for more information.
```
 The data object article is being hidden for the time being.

editing the data at the same time, then the one who made the most recent change will overwrite the changes made by the
other user.

Imagine that a user "A" is collaborating with a colleague, and the user changes the shape's width while the colleague "B" changes the

> shape's height. This will generate two operations: a `set` operation for user A's change, and another `set` operation for user B's change. Both operations will be sequenced by the Fluid service, but only one will 'win,' because the SharedMap's merge behavior is LWW. Since we're storing the shape as an object, both `set` operations *set the whole object*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shape's height. This will generate two operations: a `set` operation for user A's change, and another `set` operation for user B's change. Both operations will be sequenced by the Fluid service, but only one will 'win,' because the SharedMap's merge behavior is LWW. Because the shape is stored as an object, both `set` operations *set the whole object*.
```
